Update checklist: draft issue instead of PR for next release at end (#45)
adoptium/temurin: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release-checklist.md

- [ ] **Do all of the above for the jdk8u/aarch32 build: Ensure to specify overridePublishName param**
- [ ] **Archive/upload all TCK results**
- [ ] **Use EclipseMirror job in the Temurin Compliance jenkins to store a backup** of the release artifacts

> - [ ] **Create an issue to capture notes for the next release blog** in the [adoptium.net](https://github.com/adoptium/adoptium.net/pulls) repository and ensure to delegate the task of finalizing and publishing the existing draft PR for this release's blog post. (Use [this link](https://openjdk.org/groups/vulnerability/advisories) to get the vulnerability list)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] **Create an issue to capture notes for the next release blog** in the [adoptium.net](https://github.com/adoptium/adoptium.net/issues) repository and ensure to delegate the task of finalizing and publishing a PR for this release's blog post. (Use [this link](https://openjdk.org/groups/vulnerability/advisories) to get the vulnerability list).
```
